Change to get_stylesheet_directory() to honor child themes (#1164)
moderntribe/event-tickets: readme.txt

= [4.10.2] TBD =

* Tweak - Use buttons instead of links and add better feedback on checkin (disable buttons) [70618]

> * Tweak - use get_stylesheet_directory() instead of get_template_directory() to honor child themes for AR template [123613]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Use get_stylesheet_directory() instead of get_template_directory() to honor child themes for AR template [123613]
```

> * Fix - array_values() should be array_keys() as get_templates() is keyed by filename, not template name. Props to @eri-trabiccolo for flagging this! [123613]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix - Resolve problems with WP_Theme::get_page_templates() usage, use array_keys() instead of array_values() since the array is keyed by filename, not template name. Props to @eri-trabiccolo for flagging this! [123613]
```
